              *       *       *

In former times, when royalties were more important, a lady at a court
ball was intensely gratified when a prince selected her as a partner.
She was almost overwhelmed with pride when he danced a second measure
with her.

"Oh," she gushed, as she reposed blissfully in his arms, "your highness
does me too great honor."

The prince answered coldly:

"But no, madam. Merely, my physician has directed me to perspire."


CONCEALMENT

The widow was deep in suds over the family wash, when she saw her pastor
coming up the path to the door. She gave directions to her young son to
answer the bell, and to tell the clergyman that his mother had just gone
down the street on an errand. Since the single ground floor room of the
cottage offered no better hiding place against observation from the
door, she crouched behind a clothes-horse hung with drying garments.
When the boy had opened the door to the minister, and had duly delivered
the message concerning his mother's absence, the reverend gentleman cast
a sharp look toward the screen of drying clothes, and addressed the boy
thus:

"Well, my lad, just tell your mother I called. And you might say to her
that the next time she goes down the street, she should take her feet
along."


CONCEIT

"I suppose I must admit that I do have my faults," the husband remarked
in a tone that was far from humble.

"Yes," the wife snapped, "and in your opinion your faults are better
than other folks' virtues."


CONSCIENCE

The child had been greatly impressed by her first experience in Sunday
school. She pressed her hands to her breast, and said solemnly to her
sister, two years older:

"When you hear something wite here, it is conscience whispering to you."

"It's no such thing," the sister jeered. "That's just wind on your
tummie."


CONSTANCY

His companion bent over the dying man, to catch the last faintly
whispered words. The utterance came with pitiful feebleness, yet with
sufficient clearness:

"I am dying--yes. Go to Fannie. Tell her--I died--with her name--on my
lips, that I--loved her--her alone--always.... And Jennie--tell
Jennie--the same thing."


CONVERSION

A zealous church member in a Kentucky village made an earnest effort to
convert a particularly vicious old mountaineer named Jim, who was
locally notorious for his godlessness. But the old man was hard-headed
and stubborn, firmly rooted in his evil courses, so that he resisted the
pious efforts in his behalf.

"Jim," the exhorter questioned sadly at last, "ain't you teched by the
story of the Lord what died to save yer soul?"

"Humph!" Jim retorted contemptuously. "Air ye aimin' to tell me the Lord
died to save me, when He ain't never seed me, ner knowed me?"

"Jim," the missionary explained with fervor, "it was a darn sight easier
for the Lord to die fer ye jest because He never seed ye than if He
knowed ye as well as we-alls do!"


COOKERY

The housewife gave the tramp a large piece of pie on condition that he
should saw some wood. The tramp retired to the woodshed, but presently
he reappeared at the back door of the house with the piece of pie still
intact save for one mouthful bitten from the end.

"Madam," he said respectfully to the wondering woman, "if it's all the
same to you, I'll eat the wood, and saw the pie."


COURTESY

The witness was obviously a rustic and quite new to the ways of a
court-room. So, the judge directed him:

"Speak to the jury, sir--the men sitting behind you on the benches."

The witness turned, bowed clumsily and said:

"Good-morning, gentlemen."


COWARDICE

The old farmer and his wife visited the menagerie. When they halted
before the hippopotamus cage, he remarked admiringly:

"Darn'd curi's fish, ain't it, ma?"

"That ain't a fish," the wife announced. "That's a rep-tile."

It was thus that the argument began. It progressed to a point of such
violence that the old lady began belaboring the husband with her
umbrella. The old man dodged and ran, with the wife in pursuit. The
trainer had just opened the door of the lions' cage, and the farmer
popped in. He crowded in behind the largest lion and peered over its
shoulder fearfully at his wife, who, on the other side of the bars,
shook her umbrella furiously.

"Coward!" she shouted. "Coward!"


CURIOSITY

The colored man, passing through the market, saw a turtle for the first
time, and surveyed it with great interest. The creature's head was
withdrawn, but as the investigator fumbled about the shell, it shot
forward and nipped his finger. With a howl of pain he stuck his finger
in his mouth, and sucked it.

"What's the matter?" the fishmonger asked with a grin.

"Nothin'--jest nothin' a tall," the colored man answered thickly. "Ah
was only wonderin' whether Ah had been bit or stung."


DAMAGES

The child came to his mother in tears.

"Oh, mama," he confessed, "I broke a tile in the hearth."

"Never mind, dear," the mother consoled. "But how ever did you come to
do it?"

"I was pounding it with father's watch?"


DANGER

One foot in the grave, and the other slipping.


DEAD CERTAINTY

On Tuesday, a colored maid asked her mistress for permission to be
absent on the coming Friday. She explained that she wished to attend
the funeral of her fianc√©. The mistress gave the required permission
sympathetically.

"But you're not wearing mourning, Jenny," she remarked.

"Oh, no, ma'am," the girl replied. "You see, ma'am, he ain't dead yet.
The hanging ain't till Friday."


DEAD MEN'S SHOES

When a certain officer of the governor's staff died, there were many
applicants for the post, and some were indecently impatient. While the
dead colonel was awaiting burial, one aspirant buttonholed the governor,
asking:

"Would you object to my taking the place of the colonel?"

"Not at all," the governor replied tartly. "See the undertaker."


DEAFNESS

In the smoking-room of a theatre, between the acts, an amiable young man
addressed an elderly gentleman who was seated beside him:

"The show is very good, don't you think?"

The old gentleman nodded approvingly, as he replied:

"Me, I always take the surface cars. Them elevated an' subway stairs
ketches my breath."

"I said the show was a good one," exclaimed the young man, raising his
voice.

Again, the elderly person nodded agreeably.

"They jump about a good deal," was his comment, "but they're on the
ground, which the others ain't."

Now, the young man shouted:

"You're a little deaf, ain't you?"

At last the other understood.

"Yes, sir!" he announced proudly. "I'm as deef as a post." He chuckled
contentedly. "Some folks thinks as that's a terrible affliction, but I
don't. I kin always hear what I'm sayin' myself, an' that's interestin'
enough for me."

              