              *       *       *

The eminent banker explained just how he started in business:

"I had nothing to do, and I rented an empty store, and put up a sign,
_Bank_. As soon as I opened for business, a man dropped in, and made a
deposit of two hundred dollars. The next day another man dropped in and
deposited three hundred dollars. And so, sir, the third day, my
confidence in the enterprise reached such a point that I put in fifty
dollars of my own money."


FINANCIERS

"My pa, he's a financier," boasted one small boy to another.

"'Tain't much to brag of," the other sneered. "My pa an' uncle Jack are
in jail, too."


FISHING

The congressman from California was telling at dinner in the hotel of
tuna fishing.

"Just run out in a small motor boat," he explained, "and anything less
than a hundred pounds is poor sport."

The colored waiter was so excited that he interrupted:

"You say you go after hundred-pound fish in a little motor boat, suh?"

The congressman nodded.

"But," the darky protested, "ain't you scairt fer fear you'll ketch
one?"


FLATTERY

An eminent statesman was being driven rapidly by his chauffeur, when the
car struck and killed a dog that leaped in front of it. At the
statesman's order, the chauffeur stopped the car, and the great man got
out and hurried back to where a woman was standing by the remains. The
dead dog's mistress was deeply grieved, and more deeply angered. As the
statesman attempted to address her placatingly, she turned on him
wrathfully, and told him just what she thought, which was considerable
and by no means agreeable. When, at last, she paused for breath, the
culprit tried again to soothe her, saying:

"Madam, I shall be glad to replace your dog."

The woman drew herself up haughtily, surveyed the statesman with supreme
scorn, and hissed:

"Sir, you flatter yourself!"


FLEAS

The debutante was alarmed over the prospect of being taken in to dinner
by the distinguished statesman.

"Whatever can we talk about?" she demanded anxiously of her mother.

Afterward, in the drawing-room, she came to her mother with a radiant
smile.

"He's fine," she exclaimed. "We weren't half way through the soup before
we were chatting cozily about the fleas in Italian hotels."


FLIRTATION

The gentleman at the party, who was old enough to know better, turned to
another guest, who had just paused beside him:

"Women are fickle. See that pretty woman by the window? She was smiling
at me flirtatiously a few minutes ago and now she looks cold as an
iceberg."

"I have only just arrived," the other man said. "She is my wife."


FLOOD

The breakfaster in the cheap restaurant tried to make conversation with
the man beside him at the counter.

"Awful rainy spell--like the flood."

"The flood?" The tone was polite, but inquiring.

"_The_ flood--Noah, the Ark, Mount Ararat."

The other bit off half a slice of bread, shook his head, and mumbled
thickly:

"Hain't read to-day's paper yit."


FLOWERS

Gilbert wrote a couplet concerning--


     "An attachment _Ã  la_ Plato
     For a bashful young potato."


Such suggestion is all very well in a humorous ballad, but we do not
look for anything of the sort in a serious romance of real life.
Nevertheless, a Welsh newspaper of recent date carried the following
paragraph:

"At ---- Church, on Monday last, a very interesting wedding was
solemnized, the contracting parties being Mr. Richard ----, eldest son
of Mr. and Mrs. ----, and a bouquet of pink carnations."


FOG

The old gentleman was lost in a London fog, so thick that he could
hardly see his hand before his face. He became seriously alarmed when he
found himself in a slimy alley. Then he heard footsteps approaching
through the obscurity, and sighed with relief.

"Where am I going to?" he cried anxiously.

A voice replied weirdly from the darkness beyond:

"Into the river--I've just come out!"


FOLLIES

A wise old Quaker woman once said that men were guilty of three most
astonishing follies. The first was the climbing of trees to shake down
the fruit, when if they would but wait, the fruit would fall of itself.
The second was the going to war to kill one another, when if they would
only wait, they must surely die naturally. The third was that they
should run after women, when, if they did not do so, the women would
surely run after them.


FOOD

The Arctic explorer at a reception on his return gave an informal talk
concerning his experiences. He explained that a point further north
would have been reached, if the dogs had not given out at a critical
time.

A lady, who had followed the explorer's remarks carefully, ventured a
comment as the speaker paused:

"But I thought those Esquimaux dogs were actually tireless."

The explorer hesitated, and cleared his throat before answering.

"I spoke," he elucidated, "in a--er--culinary sense."

              