              *       *       *

Tom Corwin was remarkable for the size of his mouth. He claimed that he
had been insulted by a deacon of his church.

"When I stood up in the class meeting, to relate my experience," Corwin
explained, "and opened my mouth, the Deacon rose up in front and said,
'Will some brother please close that window, and keep it closed!'"


INSURANCE

The woman at the insurance office inquired as to the costs, amounts
paid, etc.

"So," she concluded, "if I pay five dollars, you pay me a thousand if my
house burns down. But do you ask questions about how the fire came to
start?"

"We make careful investigation, of course," the agent replied.

The woman flounced toward the door disgustedly.

"Just as I thought," she called over her shoulder. "I knew there was a
catch in it."


INTERMISSION

During a lecture, Artemas Ward once startled the crowd of listeners by
announcing a fifteen-minute intermission. After contemplating the
audience for a few minutes, he relieved their bewilderment by saying:

"Meanwhile, in order to pass the time, we will proceed with the
lecture."


INVENTORS

The profiteer, skimming over the advertisements in his morning paper,
looked across the damask and silver and cut glass at his wife, and
remarked enviously:

"These inventors make the money. Take cleaners, now, I'll bet that
feller Vacuum has cleared millions."


ITEMS

The painter was required to render an itemized bill for his repairs on
various pictures in a convent. The statement was as follows:


     Corrected and renewed the Ten Commandments            6.00
     Embellished Pontius Pilate and put a new ribbon
       on his bonnet                                       3.06
     Put a new tail on the rooster of St. Peter and
       mended his bill                                     4.08
     Put a new nose on St. John the Baptist and
       straightened his eye                                2.06
     Replumed and gilded the left wing of the Guardian
       Angel                                               5.06
     Washed the servant of the High Priest and put
       carmine on his cheeks                               2.04
     Renewed Heaven, adjusted ten stars, gilded the
       sun and cleaned the moon                            8.02
     Reanimated the flames of Purgatory and restored
       some souls                                          3.06
     Revived the flames of Hell, put a new tail on the
       devil, mended his left hoof and did several odd
       jobs for the damned                                 4.10
     Put new spatter-dashes on the son of Tobias and
       dressing on his sack                                2.00
     Rebordered the robe of Herod and readjusted his
       wig                                                 3.07
     Cleaned the ears of Balaam's ass, and shod him        2.08
     Put earrings in the ears of Sarah                     5.00
     Put a new stone in David's sling, enlarged Goliath's
       hand and extended his legs                          2.00
     Decorated Noah's Ark                                  1.20
     Mended the shirt of the Prodigal Son, and cleaned
       the pigs                                            1.00
                                                          -----
                                                          53.83


JOKES

The joke maker's association had a feast. They exploited their humorous
abilities, and all made merry, save one glum guest. At last, they
insisted that this melancholy person should contribute to the
entertainment. He consented, in response to much urging, to offer a
conundrum:

"What is the difference between me and a turkey?"

When none could guess the answer, the glum individual explained:

"I am alive. They stuff turkeys with chestnuts after they are dead."


KINSHIP

The urchin was highly excited, and well he might be when we consider his
explanation:

"They got twins up to sisters. One twin, he's a boy, an' one twin, she's
a girl, an' so I'm a uncle an' a aunt."

              