              *       *       *

Some Scottish deacons were famous, if not notorious, for the readiness
with which they could expound any passage of Scripture. It is recorded
of a certain elder that as he read and commented on the thirty-fourth
Psalm, he misread the sentence, "Keep thy tongue from evil, and thy lips
from speaking guile." He carelessly read the last two words: "squeaking
girls." But the astonishing phrase did not dismay him in the least, or
cause him to hesitate in his exegesis. He expounded instantly and
solemnly:

"It is evident from this passage, my brethren, that the Scripture does
not absolutely forbid kissing, but, as in Christianity everything is to
be done decently and in order, we are here encouraged by this passage to
choose rather those girls that take it quietly, in preference to those
that squeak under the operation."


LAUGHTER

Josh Billings said:

"Laff every time yu pheel tickled--and laff once in a while enny how."


LAW

The lawyer explained to the client his scale of prices:

"I charge five dollars for advising you as to just what the law permits
you to do. For giving you advice as to the way you can safely do what
the law forbids, my minimum fee is one hundred dollars."


LAWYERS

There was a town jail, and there was a county jail. The fact was worth
forty dollars to the lawyer who was approached by an old darky in behalf
of a son languishing in duress. The lawyer surveyed the tattered client
as he listened, and decided that he would be lucky to obtain a
ten-dollar fee. He named that amount as necessary to secure the
prisoner's release. Thereupon, the old colored man drew forth a large
roll of bills, and peeled off a ten. The lawyer's greedy eyes popped.

"What jail is your son in?" he inquired craftily.

"In the county jail."

"In the county jail!" was the exclamation in a tone of dismay. "That's
bad--very bad. It will cost you at least fifty dollars."

              