              *       *       *

The clerk of the court directed the witness to spell his name. The man
started his reply thus:

"_O_ double _t_, _i_ double _u_, _e_ double _l_, double _u_, double----"

The clerk interrupted:

"Please, begin again."

The witness complied glibly:

"_O_ double _t_, _i_ double _u_, _e_ double _l_, double _u_, double
_o_----"

The clerk groaned. The judge himself intervened: "What is your name?"

"Your Honor, it is Ottiwell Wood. I spell it: _O_ double _t_, _i_ double
_u_, _e_ double _l_, double _u_, double _o_, _d_."


SPINSTERHOOD

The old colored mammy took advantage of a wedding announcement to
question her mistress, who remained a spinster still though approaching
middle age.

"When is you gwine to git married, missy?"

"I don't know, mammy," was the thoughtful reply. "Really, I don't think
I'll ever get married."

A note of sadness in the speaker's voice moved the old woman to attempt
philosophical consolation:

"Well, they do say as how ole maids am the happies' kind after they
quits strugglin'."


SPITE

The faithful old employee asked for a day off. The request was granted,
with an inquiry as to what he intended to do on his holiday.

"I think," came the cautious answer, "I shall go to my wife's funeral.
She died the other day."

A few weeks later, the request for a day off was repeated.

"And what are you going to do this time?" the employer asked.

"I think, mebbe, I'll get married."

"What! So soon after burying your wife?"

The faithful old employee smiled tolerantly, as he answered:

"Oh, well, I was never one to hold spite."


SPORTSMANSHIP

In the party out after reed birds was a tyro at the sport. When at last
he saw one of the birds walking about, he plumped down on his stomach,
and took aim. A companion called to him sharply:

"You're not going to shoot the bird while it's walking?"

"No," was the firm response; "I'll wait till it stops."


SPRING

The teacher talked on the four seasons, telling how in the spring the
new life comes to the earth, with the growth of grasses and leaves and
flowers, how this life matures in summer, and so on, and so on. Then she
called on the class to repeat the information she had given. She asked
one little boy about spring.

"What do we find in the spring, George?"

George seemed very reluctant to answer, but when the teacher insisted he
at last said:

"Why, ma'am, there's a frog, an' a lizard, an' a snake, an' a dead cat,
but I didn't put the cat there. It was another boy."


STAMMERING

On the occasion of a most interesting family event, Mr. Peedle, who
desired a son, paced the drawing-room in extreme agitation, until at
last the doctor appeared in the doorway.

"Oh, oh, tell me," he gasped, "what is it--a boy or a girl?"

"Tr-tr-tr--" the physician began stammeringly.

Peedle paled.

"Triplets! Merciful providence!"

"Qu-qu-qu--" spluttered the doctor.

Peedle paled some more.

"Quadruplets!" he moaned.

"N-n-no!" the physician snapped. "Qu-qu-quite the contrary. Tr-tr-try to
take it qu-quietly. It's a girl."


STYLE

Two old friends met, and immediately found that they were equally
devoted to motoring. After a discussion of their various cars, one
bethought himself to ask concerning the other's wife, whom he had never
seen. That lady was described by her husband, as follows:

"Nineteen-six model, limousine so to say, heavy tread, runs on low."

"Self-starter?"

"You bet!"


SUNDAY SCHOOL

The young lady worker for the Sunday school called on the newly wedded
pair.

"I am endeavoring to secure new scholars," she explained. "Won't you
send your children?"

When she was informed that there were no children in the family as yet,
she continued brightly:

"But won't you please send them when you do have them?"

              