A MORMON PREACHER.


THE _Boston Herald_, in announcing the death of Elder G. Adams, a Mormon
preacher, says:--"On his second visit to Boston, the Elder preached,
baptized converts, whipped a newspaper editor, and played a star
engagement at the National Theatre. He was industrious, and filled up
all his time. We have a fund of anecdotes concerning this strange
mortal, which we shall be glad to print at some other time. We close
this article by briefly adverting to the chastisement he gave an editor,
for strongly criticising his performance of _Richard III_. The office of
the editor was in Washington street, where Propeller now keeps. Adams
armed himself with a cowhide, and watched for his victim. Soon, the
unsuspecting fellow came down the stairs, and Adams sprang upon him,
exclaiming, "The Lord has delivered thee into my hands, and I shall give
thee forty stripes, save one, Scripture measure. Brother Graham, keep
tally." So saying, he proceeded to lay on the punishment with hearty
good will. In the meantime, a large crowd had gathered around the
avenging priest and the delinquent. When the tally was up, Adams let the
man go, and addressed the crowd as follows: "Men and brethren, my name
is Elder George J. Adams, preacher of the everlasting gospel. I have
chastised mine enemy. I go this afternoon to fulfil an engagement at the
Providence Theatre, where I shall play one of Shakspeare's immortal
creations. I shall return to this city, at the end of the week, and
will, by divine permission, preach three times next Sabbath, on the
immortality of the soul, the eternity of matter, and in answer to the
question 'Who is the Devil?' May grace and peace be with you.--Amen!"


