HARD SQUEEZING.


A GENTLEMAN from New York, who had been in Boston for the purpose of
collecting some money due him in that city, was about returning, when he
found that one bill of a hundred dollars had been overlooked. His
landlord, who knew the debtor, thought it a doubtful case; but added
that if it _was_ collectable at all, a tall, rawboned Yankee, then
dunning a lodger in another part of the hall, would "worry it out" of
the man. Calling him up, therefore, he introduced him to the creditor,
who showed him the account.

"Wall, Squire," said he, "'taint much use o' tryin', I guess. I _know_
that critter. You might as well try to squeeze ile out of Bunker Hill
Monument as to c'lect a debt out of him. But _any_ how, Squire, what'll
you give, sposin' I _do_ try?"

"Well, Sir, the bill is one hundred dollars, I'll give you--yes, I'll
give you half, if you'll collect it."

"'Greed," replied the collector, "there's no harm in _tryin'_, any
way."

Some weeks after, the creditor chanced to be in Boston, and in walking
up Tremont street, encountered his enterprising friend.

"Look o' here," said he, "Squire. I had considerable luck with that bill
o' yourn. You see, I stuck to him like a log to a root, but for the
first week or so 'twant no use--not a bit. If he was home, he was short;
if he _wasn't_ home I could get no satisfaction. 'By the by,' says I,
after goin' sixteen times, 'I'll fix you!' says I. So I sat down on the
door-step, and sat all day and part of the evening, and I began airly
_next_ day; but about ten o'clock he 'gin in.' _He paid me_ MY _half,
and I gin him up the note!_"


